OTel day blog post (#7085)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/blog/2025/otel-day.md

---
title:
  'OTel Community Day + Open Observability Summit: One Big Day for Open Source
  Observability'

> linkTitle: 'OTel Community Day'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: OTel Community Day
```

The OpenTelemetry governance and technical committees, along with project
maintainers, are excited to present two community-led tracks, one co-located
event, and a shared goal: bring the observability community together to
collaborate, learn, and shape the future of open source observability.

**Open Observability Summit** is for developers, operators, and technical
leaders who rely on open source to gain deeper insight into their systems. Every
session is grounded in real-world experience and shaped by the community. Expect
hands-on learning, practical talks, and open dialogue.

**OTel Community Day** is a space for the OpenTelemetry community to celebrate
wins, share knowledge, and connect over where observability is headed. Our
[contributor experience survey results](https://opentelemetry.io/blog/2025/contribex-survey-results/)
show that OTel contributors are excited to collaborate in person, where they can
not only learn from each other and but also help end users with practical
insights and real-world examples. Whether you're building OTel or building with
it, you'll find your people here.

## Schedule

> The see the most up-to-date schedule and to build your own schedule, follow
> [this link](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-observability-summit-otel-community-day/program/schedule/).
> 
> The schedule is subject to change and session seating is available on a
> first-come, first-served basis.
> 
> Below you can find a snapshot of the sessions you can expect through out the
> events. Open the list to search for the topics you are most interested in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For convenience, a snapshot of the schedule is included below. Open it to search
for the topics of interest.
```

<details>

> <summary>Show Schedule</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary class="mb-3">View schedule</summary>
```

---
title:
  'OTel Community Day + Open Observability Summit: One Big Day for Open Source
  Observability'
linkTitle: OTel Community Day
date: 2025-06-13
author: '[Isabella Langan](https://github.com/isabella-rose-l) (Causely)'
# prettier-ignore

> cspell:ignore: Langan Causely Horovits Alok Bhide Radlein Kuncham Canuel Danielson OllyGarden Vashistha Kumar Baylis Roshore Budhaditya Bhattacharya Ravindra Bhargava Distrogen Braydon Kains Mansi Agrawal Todea Aircall Liudmila Molkova Cijo Jernigan Spec-tacular Helmuth Krietz Prasad Mujumdar Okahu Vijay Heffner Huxing Zhang Minghui

Reviewer: Spelling is still in error. It might be easier to just turn off the spell checking in the schedule part.

leaders who rely on open source to gain deeper insight into their systems. Every
session is grounded in real-world experience and shaped by the community. Expect
hands-on learning, practical talks, and open dialogue.

**OTel Community Day** is a space for the OpenTelemetry community to celebrate
wins, share knowledge, and connect over where observability is headed. Our
[contributor experience survey results](../contribex-survey-results/)
show that OTel contributors are excited to collaborate in person, where they can
not only learn from each other and but also help end users with practical
insights and real-world examples. Whether you're building OTel or building with
it, you'll find your people here.

## Schedule

For convenience, a snapshot of the schedule is included below. Open it to search
for the topics of interest.

<details>
<summary class="mb-3">View schedule</summary>

### Welcome + Keynotes

- **[Welcome + Opening Remarks](https://otelopenobservabilityna25.sched.com/event/223Or/welcome-+-opening-remarks-austin-parker-honeycomb)**<br>
  by Austin Parker, honeycomb.io<br> 9:00am – 9:05am<br> Bluebird Ballroom 1C
  (Level 1 - Terrace Level)

> - **[Keynote: Hybrid Cloud Architecture: Making Big Bets on Open Standards](https://otelopenobservabilityna25.sched.com/event/24dNu/keynote-hybrid-cloud-architecture-making-big-bets-on-open-standards-margaret-dawson-chronosphere)**<br>
>   by Margaret Dawson, Chronosphere<br> 9:08am – 9:18am<br> Bluebird Ballroom 1C
>   (Level 1 - Terrace Level)

Reviewer: Here and elsewhere, drop the path part after the event ID, it is useless (go ahead and try any other path ending and you'll see):

```suggestion
- **[Keynote: Hybrid Cloud Architecture: Making Big Bets on Open Standards](https://otelopenobservabilityna25.sched.com/event/24dNu/)**<br>
  by Margaret Dawson, Chronosphere. 9:08am – 9:18am
```

---
title: "OTel Community Day + Open Observability Summit: One Big Day for Open Source Observability"
linkTitle: "OTelCommunityDay-OSSSummit"
date: 2025-06-10
author: "[Isabella Langan](https://github.com/isabella-rose-l) (Causely)"
---

On **June 26, 2025**, [OTel Community Day and Open Observability Summit](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-observability-summit-otel-community-day/) are joining forces at [Open Source Summit North America](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-north-america/). The OpenTelemetry governance and technical committees, along with project maintainers, are excited to present two community-led tracks, one co-located event, and a shared goal: bring the observability community together to collaborate, learn, and shape the future of open source observability.

**Open Observability Summit** is for developers, operators, and technical leaders who rely on open source to gain deeper insight into their systems. Every session is grounded in real-world experience and shaped by the community. Expect hands-on learning, practical talks, and open dialogue.

> **OTel Community Day** is a space for the OpenTelemetry community—maintainers, contributors, and users—to celebrate wins, share knowledge, and connect over where observability is headed. Whether you’re building OTel or building with it, you’ll find your people here.

Reviewer: Great idea to link to the survey. Let's get the survey results out so we can link to them directly! 😄 (I just submitted my review for #7078.)
